How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Reduced the number of lines of code i had to view showing lines that changed

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    you would be able to see code fragments what worked and didnt work  

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manual commit pros: i determine when to save or commit files, add comments to 
    commits and doc changes, safely try new branch code. cons: i determine when 
    to commit, may have made too big of a change, or forget
    vs
    auto save pros: saves when i forget, saves all changes. cons: saved files 
    might be insignificant or unwanted, requires more space and resources


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    programs depend on multiple programs or procedures that have to be changed 
    or added to as the program develops grouping may make it easier to track 
    changes  whereas a document is a single element 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows viewing of the all the commits and comments while git diff 
    will compare the differences between the commits chosen from the log

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I don’t have to as cautious about making mistakes. I can find my errors and 
    change them through a history of previous attempts of failed branches or 
    inefficient code 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    i plan on developing small apps for use in the classroom to help aid 
    students in their course study
